= modum.io =

*Company Name: modum.io AG<ref name="Website1">https://modum.io/company, accessed on 02.08.2018.</ref>
*Website: https://modum.io/
*Founded: 2016<ref name="Website1"/>
*Stage: Live<ref name="News">https://modum.io/news/modsense-tm-modums-first-solution, accessed on 02.08.2018.</ref>
*Team Size: 14<ref name="Team">https://modum.io/company/team, accessed on 02.08.2018.</ref> (02.08.2018)
*Sector: Information Technology (45)<ref name="Whitepaper">https://modum.io/sites/default/files/documents/2018-05/modum-whitepaper-v.-1.0.pdf, accessed on 02.08.2018.</ref>
*Funding: 13'350'000 USD<ref name="ICOdrops">https://icodrops.com/modum/, accessed on 03.08.2018.</ref>
*Based on Blockchain: Ethereum (main net)<ref name="Whitepaper"/> and Hyperledger Fabric<ref>https://modum.io/news/working-sap-blockchain, accessed on 02.08.2018.</ref>
*Customer Segment: B2B<ref name="Whitepaper"/>
*Open-Source: Yes<ref name="Whitepaper"/> (See additional information)

==Short Description==
modum.io has developed a sensor device (data logger) which records the environmental conditions during the shipment of sensitive products. The collected data is checked and stored as a proof-of-existence by a shipping-specific smart contract. Prior to shipment, the alarm criteria (e.g. temperature range) are set on a dashboard and linked with the logger and shipment ID. During transport, it is possible to visualize the recordings with a smartphone app, which connects with the logger via BLE (Bluetooth Low Energy) or NFC (Near Field Communication). This allows to have a full overview over the conditions within the package, without having to open it during transport. In case of a deviation from the alarm criteria, the deviation is reported in multiple ways to the involved parties. To prevent the manipulation of the recorded data, it is transferred using asymmetric cryptography, whereby the private key is shielded by a cryptographic co-processor within the logger. The Swiss company is focusing on pharmaceutical shipments first, but has a partnership with the [https://www.post.ch/en Swiss Post] as well. In July 2018 modum.io published the product sheet of their first solution [https://modum.io/sites/default/files/documents/2018-07/MODsense%20TM%20Product%20Sheet_0.pdf MODsense TM]<ref name="News"/>, followed by the fulfilment of their second milestone which was confirmed through voting by the MOD token holders. Besides the confirmation of the milestones and thereby releasing locked MOD tokens, token holders can benefit from dividends proportional to the amount of MOD tokens they are holding.<ref name="Whitepaper"/>

==Collaborations==
[http://www.csg.uzh.ch/csg/en.html University of Zurich], [https://iscm.unisg.ch/ University of St.Gallen], [https://www.post.ch/de Swiss Post], [https://www.sap.com/swiss/index.html SAP], [http://www.variosystems.com/index.php/de/ Variosystems].<ref>https://modum.io/company/partners, accessed on 02.08.2018.</ref>

==Location==
Address: Technoparkstrasse 1, 8005 Zürich, Switzerland<ref name="Whitepaper"/>

Coordinates: 47.390252, 8.515814

Link: [https://www.google.ch/maps/place/Technopark,+Technoparkstrasse+1,+8005+Z%C3%BCrich/@47.3901869,8.5136578,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x47900a473dddd8e3:0xed9948c1f7b2b01a!8m2!3d47.3901869!4d8.5158465 Google maps]

==Team==
*Simon Dössegger, CEO
*Dr. Stefan Weber, COO
*Sacha Uhlmann, CTO
<ref name="Team"/>

==Key Indicators==
*Clients: N/A
*Business Volume: N/A
*Valuation: N/A
*Revenue: N/A
*Tradeability: ERC20<ref>https://etherscan.io/token/0x957c30ab0426e0c93cd8241e2c60392d08c6ac8e, accessed on 02.08.2018.</ref>
*Identification code: MOD<ref>https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/modum/, accessed on 02.08.2018.</ref>
*Token Type: Security like<ref>https://modum.io/token/token-dynamics, accessed on 02.08.2018.</ref> 
*Link: [https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/modum/ Coinmarketcap]

==Funding==
modum.io held an ICO from 01.09.2017 to 22.09.2017 raising approx. 13'350'000 USD by that time. The price per MOD token was 1 USD.<ref name="ICOdrops"/>

==Revenue Model==
Software as a Service (SaaS), Comission and Product sales.<ref name="Whitepaper"/>

==Additional Information==
The project was considered to be open source, because the codes of the smart contracts are available on Github.<ref>https://github.com/modum-io/smartcontract-playground/blob/master/TemperatureMeasurementA2.sol, accessed on 02.08.2018.</ref> Nevertheless, the codes inside the sensor device are not accessible.

==References==
<references/>

==Additional Links==
[https://twitter.com/modum_io Twitter], [https://t.me/joinchat/GOpSHUkujWHJ_D_AXK8WQA Telegram Discussions], [https://t.me/modum_announcements Telegram Announcements], [https://www.linkedin.com/company/modum.io-ag/ LinkedIn], [https://www.reddit.com/r/modum_io/ Reddit], [https://medium.com/modum-io Medium], [https://github.com/modum-io Github], [https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2091885.0 Bitcointalk].
