=Oraclize=

* Company Name: Oraclize Limited<ref name="website">http://www.oraclize.it/, accessed on 01.10.2018.</ref>
* Website: http://www.oraclize.it/
* Founded: 2015<ref name="funding">https://blog.digitalidentity.tech/oraclize-closes-an-investment-from-digital-identity-124c4c180abb, accessed on 01.10.2018.</ref>
* Stage: Live<ref name="dapps">http://dapps.oraclize.it/, accessed on 01.10.2018.</ref>
* Team Size: 13 (08.10.2018)<ref name="request">Information received on request (08.10.2018).</ref>
* Sector: Information Technology (45)
* Funding: €0.5M<ref name="funding"/>
* Based on Blockchain: Ethereum (main net), Bitcoin, R3 Corda, Hyperledger Fabric, EOS, Rootstock and private networks<ref name="documentation">http://docs.oraclize.it/, accessed on 01.10.2018.</ref><ref name="request"/>
* Customer Segment: B2B/B2C<ref name="documentation"/>
* Open-Source: Yes (partially)<ref name="devcenter">https://dev.oraclize.it/, accessed on 01.10.2018.</ref>


==Short Description==

Oraclize is a trustless yet centralized oracle service aiming to provide smart contracts and blockchain applications on several platforms with real life data. By October 2018, the service is connected to the blockchains Ethereum, Bitcoin, Rootstock, R3 Corda, Hyperledger Fabric, EOS and some private networks. Oraclize considers oracles to be a fundamental element for smart contracts, however this connection layer should not compromise the security model provided by blockchain technology. For this reason, the start-up developed a solution where users do not have to trust the centralized oracle due to the presence of so-called authenticity proofs submitted by Oraclize along with data. These proofs guarantee the integrity of the data provided. Several data source types are supported such as URLs, WolframAlpha, IPFS, random bytes (running on Ledger Nano S.) or arbitrary computation. For different types of data sources, other kinds of authenticity proofs are suitable. That is, so-called TLSNotary and Android Proofs are applicable to data sources such as URLs and computation while Ledger Proofs which are based on hardware cryptocurrency wallets are only suited for random bytes data sources. Since proofs can be very large files and therefore potentially cause high EVM execution costs when submitted directly, they are stored on IPFS and only a pointer to file is delivered instead.<ref name="documentation"/>

==Collaborations==

Holding Company: Oraclize Limited<ref name="website"/>



Sponsors: [http://digitalidentity.tech/ Digital Identity]<ref name="funding"/>

Partners: 

Oraclize is part of the [https://entethalliance.org/ Ethereum Enterprise Alliance].

[https://melonport.com/ Melonport], [https://etherisc.com/ Etherisc], [https://truffleframework.com/ Truffle], [https://web3.foundation/ Web3 Foundation], [https://eidoo.io/ Eidoo]<ref name="partner">https://blog.oraclize.it/the-strategic-alliance-between-oraclize-and-eidoo-7ed0671ef8c5, accessed on 01.10.2018.</ref>, [https://www.asseth.fr/en/home/ Asseth]

[https://www.imperial.ac.uk Imperial College London], [https://www.ucl.ac.uk/ University College London], [https://www.polimi.it/ Politecnico di Milano], [https://www.unic.ac.cy/ University of Nicosia]

[https://www.pwc.com/ PwC], [https://www.ey.com/en_gl EY], [https://www.accenture.com Accenture], [https://www.thomsonreuters.com/en.html Thompson Reuters]

<ref name="request"/>

==Location==

Address: 

Flat 1

3 Lansdowne road

Wimbledon SW20 8AP

London

<ref name="location">https://stackoverflow.com/jobs/companies/oraclize, accessed on 01.10.2018.</ref>

 

Coordinates: 

Latitude: 51.4182333

Longitude: -0.22578090000001794

 

Link: [https://www.google.com/maps/place/1,+3+Lansdowne+Rd,+Wimbledon,+London+SW20+8AP,+Vereinigtes+K%C3%B6nigreich/@51.4182333,-0.2279696,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x487608da5557387d:0x9bee3c71e5754ac9!8m2!3d51.4182333!4d-0.2257809 Google Maps]


==Team==

Thomas Bertani, CEO<ref name="funding"/>

Alice Corsini, COO<ref name="request"/>

==Key Indicators==

* Clients: N/A
* Business Volume: N/A
* Valuation: N/A
* Revenue: N/A
* Tradability: N/A
* Identification code: N/A
* Token Type: N/A
* Link: N/A


==Funding==

2017: Oraclized received €500'000 in a seed round from Digital Identity SA.<ref name="funding"/>


==Revenue Model==

Commission/Trading<ref name="documentation"/>

==Additional Information==




==References==

<references/>



==Additional Links==

[https://twitter.com/OraclizeIT Twitter]

[https://www.linkedin.com/company/oraclize-srl LinkedIn]

[https://github.com/oraclize GitHub]

[https://medium.com/@oraclize Medium]

