= Aragon One AG =


* Website: https://aragon.one
* Founded: 2017<ref>crunchable overview aragon, https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/aragon-2, access 04/12/18.</ref>
* Stage: Proof-of-Concept <ref>The merkle: What is Aragon?, https://themerkle.com/what-is-aragon/, access 04/12/18.</ref>		
* Team Size: 13 <ref>aragon core team, https://blog.aragon.one/about, access 04/12/18.</ref>
* Sector: Information Technology (45)
* Funding: 25 Milions <ref>crunchable overview aragon, https://www.crunchbase.com/organization/aragon-2, access 04/12/18.</ref>
* Based on Blockchain: Ethereum Testnet Rinkeby <ref>https://blog.aragon.one/aragon-core-v0-5-the-architect-release-327c7163b89c, access 04/12/18.</ref>	
* Customer Segment: B2B <ref>https://bravenewcoin.com/assets/Whitepapers/Aragon-Whitepaper.pdf, Aragon Whitepaper, access 04/12/18.18.</ref>
* Open-Source: Yes <ref>https://coincentral.com/aragon-ant-beginners-guide/, access 04/12/18.</ref>


==Short Description==side
The Aragon project consists out of a DApp based on the Ethereum Blockchain that provides an infrastructure with that anyone can create and manage decentralized organizations. The project focuses on democratizing governance and autonomous organizations. Some common and essential administrative functions across many companies are provided in the out-of-the-box core software of Aragon. To address the unique needs of an organization the software is built as a modular system that allows additional functionality to be built on top. Currently the project is relying on the nonprofit Aragon Foundation. <ref>https://coincentral.com/aragon-ant-beginners-guide/</ref> Annother main hurdle for decentralized organizations is decentralized arbitration. Resolving disputs that smart contracts don`t cover nor understand is crucial for a DAO. We prefer a world with automatic jurisdications in which event x will happen after y occured. To address that topic Aragon will implement the the Aragon Network (AN) that once deployed will replace the Foundation. The AN will be the first DAO whose goal is to act as a digital jurisdiction. It will be bootstrapped with a thin constitution voted by its governance, namely everyone who holds some ANT tokens. New laws can be added and rectified by the AN. Ensuring the affiliation of the organisations and that they also follow the rules will be another role of the core contracts of the AN. The AN will accumulate capital in form of fees resulting out of the operation of the organizations in the network. These fees will be under the management of the network governance and primarly will be allocated for the services the AN provides. This service providers consists out of the AragonDev, the decentralized court system and the contract upgradeability ervice for all Aragon core contracts.<ref>https://blog.aragon.one/introducing-the-aragon-network-20b998e2caba, access 04/19/18.</ref> <ref>https://bravenewcoin.com/assets/Whitepapers/Aragon-Whitepaper.pdf, access 06/29/18.</ref> 

==Collaborations==
* Bancor, <ref> https://www.ethnews.com/aragon-partners-with-bancor-to-offer-liquidity-to-community-members, access 05/23/18. </ref> 
* 0x, <ref> https://blog.aragon.one/aragon-partners-with-0x-3c8d0c9dcd84, access 05/23/18. </ref> 
* ShapeShift, <ref>https://www.newsbtc.com/press-releases/aragon-partners-leading-digital-asset-exchange-shapeshift-ahead-highly-anticipated-token-sale/, access 05/23/18.</ref>
* Status.im, <ref>https://cointelegraph.com/news/aragon-partners-with-statusim-to-hook-23-bln-smartphone-users ,access 05/23/18.</ref> 

==Location== 

Address: 
* Bahnhofstrasse 20
* 6300 Zug
* Switzerland <ref> https://www.zefix.ch/de/search/entity/list/firm/1348815?name=Aragon%2520One%2520AG&searchType=exact, access 04/19/18. </ref> 
Coordinates:
* Latitude: 47.169466
* Longitude: 8.513694
* Link: [https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bahnhofstrasse+20,+6300+Zug/@47.1694663,8.513694,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x479aaaf7a270e13d:0x9b7ab670225705!8m2!3d47.1694663!4d8.5158827 Google Maps]


==Team==
* Luis, Cuende, project lead & co-founder
* Jorge Izquierdo, tech lead & co-founder
* Maria, Gomez, strategy & operations lead
* Tatu, Kärki, communications lead
* Luke, Duncan, research lead
* John, Light, community lead
* Jouni, Helminen, design lead<ref>https://aragon.one/about, access 04/19/18. </ref> 

==Key Indicators==

* Clients: Aragon Core and Aragon Network are not live at the moment so no project can be powered by Aragon by this time. 7 projects have publicly announced to be interested in using Aragon in the future. <ref> ,access 05/23/18.</ref>
* Business Volume: N/A
* Valuation: 64`702`132 USD <ref>market cap according [https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/aragon/ CoinMarketCap], access 04/11/18.</ref>
* Revenue: N/A
* Tradeability: Token
* Token Type: 
* Identification code: ANT
* Link: [https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/aragon/ CoinMarketCap]


==Funding==
The Aragon ICO took place on the 17th May 2017. In 26 Minutes 275`000 ether were raised at an exchange rate of 120 ANT for 1 ETH. The pre-sale conditions were 20% discount on this public price but connected to a 6 month vesting schedule with a 3 month cliff. Initial buyers were allowed to contribute to the upper limit of $10`000 in ether. Only institutional buyers (CoinFund, ICONOMI and ShapeShift) were allowed to exceed this upper bound with $40`000 in ether. For liquidity purposes ShapeShift was also allowed to buy another specific portion of tokens that were not discounted and subject to vesting in the height of $20`000. The total Pre-Sale was realized to finance the development and the public sale. A total of almost 726 ether of capital was generated due the Pre-ICO.<ref>https://blog.aragon.one/pre-sale-transparency-report-333e310304c</ref> The total supply which will be constant until the Aragon Network will be deployed is 39`609`523 ANT. <ref>https://blog.aragon.one/the-aragon-token-sale-the-numbers-12d03c8b97d3, access 04/19/18.</ref>

==Revenue Model==
Software as a Service (SaaS) and License Fee<ref>https://blog.aragon.one/introducing-the-aragon-network-20b998e2caba, access 04/19/18. </ref> 

==Additional Informations==


==References==

<references/>

==Additional Links==
* [https://blog.aragon.one Medium]
* [https://twitter.com/AragonProject Twitter]
* [https://github.com/aragon/aragon GitHub]
