=Digipharm=

* Company Name: Digipharm GmbH<ref name=„legal“>https://digipharm.io/legal.html, accessed on 18.07.2018.</ref>
* Website: https://digipharm.io
* Founded: 2017<ref name=„website“>https://digipharm.io, accessed on 18.07.2018.</ref>
* Stage: Proof of Concept<ref name=„website“/>
* Team Size: 20<ref name=„website“/>
* Sector: Health Care (35)
* Funding: N/A
* Based on Blockchain: Ethereum main chain and Digipharm private blockchain (own)<ref name=„whitepaper“>https://digipharm.io/docs/Digipharm_Whitepaper_EN_v2.0.pdf, accessed on 18.07.2018.</ref>
* Customer Segment: B2B/B2C<ref name=„whitepaper“/>
* Open-Source: No<ref name=„whitepaper“/>


==Short Description==

The main goal of Digipharm is to foster the dispersion of value-based healthcare by overcoming infrastructural, administrative and data management barriers using blockchain technology (see [[#Additional Information|Additional Information]] for a definition of value-based healthcare).<ref name=„whitepaper“/> In order to achieve this, Digipharm launched several projects of which two are to be released in summer 2018 before their ICO takes place.<ref name=„website“/> The first project, called Reimburse, aims to create a platform based on a private blockchain where self-executing smart contracts can be deployed to enable real time application of value-based pricing models. Thereby, various middlemen standing between healthcare providers, payers (e.g. insurances) and manufacturers can be circumvented leading to higher efficiencies and less administrative costs which facilitates the implementation of value-based pricing. Their second product is called Digihealth, an application that enables patients to access personalized health information and allows them to connect to other patients all over the world. Additionally, patients are encouraged to participate in health-related research by the implementation of a reward system. The use of a private blockchain as the systems’ ledger helps to ensure privacy of sensitive data. However, Digipharm initiates an ICO where the ERC-20 Digipharm token will be sold publicly. Once launched, the token can be used for payments within the Digipharm platform.<ref name=„whitepaper“/> Future projects include Insights (a database for real world evidence), Myhealth (a database for health insurance companies that provides data on patients behavior) and Evolve (a crowdfunding platform for medical innovation).<ref name=„solutions“>https://digipharm.io/solutions.html, accessed on 19.07.2018.</ref>

==Collaborations==

Digipharm GmbH (legal entity)

[https://blockchain.swisscom.com/ Swisscom Blockchain]<ref name=„swisscom“>https://medium.com/digipharm/strategic-alliance-digipharm-and-swisscom-blockchain-15dc45e391c7, accessed on 18.07.2018.</ref>

[https://swissdigitalhealth.com/ Swiss Digital Health]<ref name=„sdh“>https://medium.com/digipharm/partnership-announcement-digipharm-swiss-digital-health-209cc280384a, accessed on 18.07.2018.</ref>

[http://www.engene.ch/ EnGene]<ref name=„engene“>https://medium.com/digipharm/partnership-announcement-digipharm-swiss-digital-health-209cc280384a, accessed on 18.07.2018.</ref>

Furthermore, Digipharm is a member of [https://cryptovalley.swiss/ Crypto Valley]<ref name=„cryptovalley“>https://cryptovalley.swiss/member-directory/?filter_ba=Start-up, accessed on 18.07.2018.</ref>

==Location==

Address: 

BusinessPark Zug

PO Box 947

6301 Zug 

Switzerland

<ref name=„whitepaper“/>

 

Coordinates: 

Latitude: 47.187037

Longitude: 8.486815



Link: [https://www.google.com/maps/place/Businesspark+Zug/@47.1870366,8.4846211,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x479aaa7626a47221:0x9f79f2b0174c0d23!8m2!3d47.1870366!4d8.4868151 Google Maps]


==Team==

Ahmed Abdulla, Founder & CEO

Girisha Fernando, Co-Founder & COO

Zach Daniels, CTO

Michel Mohler, Chief Financial Officer

<ref name=„website“/>


==Key Indicators==

* Clients: N/A
* Business Volume: N/A
* Valuation: N/A
* Revenue: N/A
* Tradability: Digipharm token<ref name=„whitepaper“/>
* Identification code: DPH<ref name=„whitepaper“/>
* Token Type: Utility/Payment token<ref name=„whitepaper“/>
* Link: N/A


==Funding==

N/A

==Revenue Model==

SaaS/Licence fee<ref name=„whitepaper“/>


==Additional Information==

Value-based healthcare refers to pricing of a product or service according to the value it delivers to the patient. In contrast to the traditional „fee-for-service“ approach, value based pricing is more accurately described as „fee-for-performance“. That is, the price rises as the product or service is more valuable to the patient and decreases otherwise. Therefore, manufacturers and healthcare providers are incentivized to offer high quality products and services leading to higher benefits for patients as well as manufacturers and healthcare providers. Current barriers to implement such innovative pricing solutions include the limited ability to track patient progress during treatment and time delays of reimbursement due to the associated complex information management.<ref name=„whitepaper“/>


==References==

<references/>



==Additional Links==

[https://t.me/joinchat/ExOHxk-TuOplQDbBWXaLaQ Telegram]

[https://medium.com/@digipharm Medium]

[https://www.facebook.com/digipharmteam/ Facebook]

[https://twitter.com/DigipharmTeam Twitter]

[https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtZuSfZBVdKErQtbO9Ql4Pg YouTube]

[https://www.instagram.com/digipharm/ Instagram]

[https://www.linkedin.com/company/11360677/ LinkedIn]
