= Forctis =

*Company Name: Forctis AG<ref name="Privacy">https://www.forctis.io/privacy-policy, accessed on 03.08.2018.</ref>
*Website: https://www.forctis.io/home
*Founded: 2017<ref name="Handelsregister">https://sz.chregister.ch/cr-portal/auszug/auszug.xhtml?uid=CHE-410.610.981#, accessed on 06.08.2018.</ref>
*Stage: Concept<ref name="InfoPack">https://www.forctis.io/resources, accessed on 06.08.2018.</ref>
*Team Size: N/A
*Sector: Financials (40)
*Funding: N/A
*Based on Blockchain: Own blockchain<ref name="InfoPack"/>
*Customer Segment: B2B/B2C/C2C
*Open-Source: N/A

==Short Description==
Forctis is currently developing a new blockchain protocol which aims to bring the benefits of digital technology to every corner of the world, fighting the financial exclusion of 1.4 billion people in low and middle-income countries. The company wants to achieve this by facilitating the documentation of property rights through their Asset Representation System (ARES). A secondary feature of the ARES token is the ability to manage "representational risks" on-chain. In short, the ARES-token acts as monetary and/or legal representation of assets using a versatile (polymorphic) structure able to incorporate multiple assets and asset classes (e.g. Ether and Bitcoin within the asset class of cryptocurrencies next to houses in real estate). Each ARES token is built by a combination of these assets and asset classes and is thereby unique in its structure. The basic functional component of ARES is a stablecoin, by the name GenS. The short-term price stability of the GenS-coin is ensured by a machine learning algorithm, which reacts to (on-chain) market signals and uses market models to hold the price within a monitoring band based on the fundamentals. Forctis is also developing a new blockchain architecture, which is made up of modular and configurable components, on which the ARES token can exchange information. The architecture of the blockchain is explained more thoroughly in their [https://www.forctis.io/resources InfoPack]. Forctis will hold a funding round for equity in Forctis AG by October 2018 and launch its platform between June and October 2019.<ref name="InfoPack"/>

==Collaborations==
N/A

==Location==
Address: Forctis AG, c/o S&K Partners AG, Samstagernstrasse 55, 8832 Wollerau, Switzerland<ref name="Handelsregister"/>

Coordinates: 47.189658, 8.706327

Link: [https://www.google.ch/maps/place/Samstagernstrasse+55,+8832+Wollerau/@47.1896631,8.7041379,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x479ab22264170309:0x2afac4e768f441e2!8m2!3d47.1896631!4d8.7063266 Google maps]

==Team==
*Eduardo Salazar, CEO
*Marc Degen, Director
*Isabelle Ganz, Director and COO
*Marc Bettinger, Director
<ref>https://www.forctis.io/board-of-directors, accessed on 04.08.2018.</ref><ref name="Contact">Information received on request (07.10.2018).</ref>

==Key Indicators==
*Clients: N/A
*Business Volume: N/A
*Valuation: CHF 8'190'000<ref name="Contact"/>
*Revenue: N/A
*Tradeability: Equity shares to be issued in October.<ref name="InfoPack"/>
*Identification code: N/A
*Token Type: N/A
*Link: N/A


==Funding==
During September/October 2018 Forctis will hold a funding round for equity shares in Forctis AG.<ref name="InfoPack"/>

==Revenue Model==
N/A

==Additional Information==
Forctis developed a locally optimized version of random gossiping which is faster than vanilla random gossiping according to in-vitro simulation by Forctis.<ref name="InfoPack"/>

==References==
<references/>

==Additional Links==
[https://twitter.com/forctis_io Twitter], [https://t.me/forctis_io Telegram], [https://www.linkedin.com/company/forctis-io/ LinkedIn], [https://medium.com/@forctis.io Medium].
