=Nexo=

* Company Name: Nexo AG<ref name=„website“>https://nexo.io/, accessed on 09.07.2018.</ref>
* Website: https://nexo.io/
* Founded: 2017<ref name=„whitepaper“>https://nexo.io/assets/downloads/Nexo-Whitepaper.pdf, accessed on 09.07.2018.</ref>
* Stage: live<ref name=„website“/>
* Team Size: 15<ref name=„website“/>
* Sector: Financials (40)
* Funding: $52.5M<ref name=„website“/>
* Based on Blockchain: Ethereum (main chain)<ref name=„etherscan“>https://etherscan.io/token/0xb62132e35a6c13ee1ee0f84dc5d40bad8d815206, accessed on 09.07.2018.</ref>
* Customer Segment: B2C<ref name=„whitepaper“/>
* Open-Source: Yes<ref name=„github“>https://github.com/nexofinance/NEXO-Token, accessed on 09.07.2018.</ref>


==Short Description==

Nexo AG is a company that offers crypto-backed loans to its customers.<ref name=„website“/> The idea behind the project is to give clients the opportunity to unlock their crypto currencies' value without selling them and thereby forgoing potential price gains. In order to provide this service, Nexo created a wallet where customers can deposit their Bitcoins, Ethers and NEXO tokens (in the future, further altcoins will also be accepted).<ref name=„website“/><ref name=„whitepaper“/> For each loan request, a smart contract is created on the blockchain defining the rules of the agreement. The crypto assets are then stored on the contract address and are managed by the smart contract’s code. Loan limits are given by a so-called Loan-to-Value-ratio (LTV) calculated from historical volatility and market liquidity of the deposited coin. Said ratio is constantly and automatically evaluated by the Nexo Oracle, which is responsible to supply the smart contract with data such as price changes and interest payments. Let’s suppose that the LTV for Bitcoins is 50%. This implies that BTCs worth $10’000 must be deposited at the smart contract to access a loan in fiat currency worth $5’000. The Nexo Oracle enables a flexible adjustment of loan limits due to altered off-chain circumstances (e.g. price increases). If the coins decrease significantly in value and no additional assets are deposited in the Nexo Wallet after receiving a warning from the Nexo Oracle, Nexo may initiate small liquidations to avoid losses.<ref name="request">Information received on request (07.08.2018).</ref> Once the loan is repaid, crypto assets are being unlocked and clients can fully control their coins or tokens. Special loan conditions such as interest discounts apply to customer using NEXO Tokens as deposits.<ref name=„whitepaper“/> In addition, NEXO Tokens pay out 30% from the company’s profits in the form of dividends.<ref name=„dividends“>https://medium.com/nexo/nexo-to-accept-binance-coin-bnb-as-collateral-for-instant-crypto-backed-loans-74bb2fe1cfba, accessed on 09.07.2018.</ref>

==Collaborations==

Nexo AG (legal entity)

Nexo is powered by [https://credissimo.com/ Credissimo]<ref name=„website“/>

[https://wax.io/ WAX]<ref name=„wax“>https://medium.com/nexo/nexo-lending-platform-to-allow-wax-tokens-as-collateral-for-loans-8859137865c4, accessed on 09.07.2018.</ref>

[https://onfido.com/ Onfido]<ref name=„onfido“>https://medium.com/nexo/nexo-partners-with-onfido-for-highest-compliance-standards-2963a19b7585, accessed on 09.07.2018.</ref>

[https://www.bitgo.com/info/ BitGo]<ref name=„bitgo“>https://medium.com/nexo/nexo-teams-up-with-bitgo-to-ensure-security-of-clients-funds-deeb4bce8bb7, accessed on 09.07.2018.</ref>

Furthermore, Nexo is a member of [https://cryptovalley.swiss/ Crypto Valley]<ref name=„cryptovalley“>https://medium.com/nexo/nexo-accepts-crypto-valley-association-membership-invitation-acec64f5fc00, accessed on 09.07.2018.</ref>


==Location==

Address:

Nexo AG

Grafenaustrasse 15

6300 Zug

Switzerland<ref name=„website“/>

 

Coordinates: 

Latitude: 47.173731

Longitude: 8.511538

 

Link: 

[https://www.google.com/maps/place/Grafenaustrasse+15,+6300+Zug/@47.1737306,8.5093489,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x479aaa5f3c7dd153:0x205d6b51e0c1d3eb!8m2!3d47.1737306!4d8.5115376 Google Maps]

==Team==

Kosta Kantchev, Managing Partner

Georgi Shulev, Managing Partner 

Antoni Trenchev, Managing Partner 

Vasil Petrov, CTO 

Kalin Metodiev, Corporate Finance 

Kamen Trendafilov, Finance Director 

Savina Cherneva, Compliance 

Bilyana Christova, Marketing 

Plamen Todorov, Blockchain Developer 

Teodora Atanasova, Business Development

Joro Yordanov, Product Designer 

Boris Delev, Technical Lead 

Ivan Kostov, Marketing 

Yasen Damyanov, Business Development 

Mario Krastev, Senior Quality Assurance Specialist 

<ref name=„website“/>


==Key Indicators==

* Clients: N/A
* Business Volume: N/A
* Valuation: N/A
* Revenue: N/A
* Tradability: NEXO Token<ref name=„whitepaper“/>
* Identification code: NEXO<ref name=„icodrops“>https://icodrops.com/nexo/, accessed on 09.07.2018.</ref>
* Token Type: Security-like token<ref name=„bnb“>https://medium.com/nexo/nexo-to-accept-binance-coin-bnb-as-collateral-for-instant-crypto-backed-loans-74bb2fe1cfba, accessed on 09.07.2018.</ref>
* Link: [https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/nexo/ CoinMarketCap]


==Funding==

2018: The NEXO Token was sold in a ICO. Thereby, Nexo AG raised Bitcoins and Ethers worth $52.5M in total. A 15% discount was granted to investors participating in the token pre-sale.<ref name=„icodrops“/>

==Revenue Model==

Interest<ref name=„overview“>https://nexo.io/assets/downloads/Nexo-Overview.pdf?=1, accessed on 09.07.2018.</ref>


==Additional Information==


==References==

<references/>



==Additional Links==

[https://t.me/nexofinance Telegram]

[https://twitter.com/NexoFinance Twitter]

[https://www.reddit.com/r/Nexo/ Reddit]

[https://medium.com/nexo Medium]

[https://www.facebook.com/NexoFinance Facebook]
