= Power Ledger =

*Company Name: Power Ledger Pty Ltd
*Website: https://powerledger.io/
*Founded: 2016<ref name="Whitepaper">https://powerledger.io/media/Power-Ledger-Whitepaper-v8.pdf, accessed on 07.04.2018.</ref>
*Stage: Live<ref name="Whitepaper"/>
*Team Size: 28 (07.04.2018), 33 (24.07.2018)<ref name="Website">https://powerledger.io/#team, accessed on 07.04.2018.</ref>
*Sector: Utilities (55)
*Funding: 26.42 million USD<ref name="Medium1">https://medium.com/power-ledger/power-ledger-ico-closes-with-a-34million-raised-eec6221e3752, accessed on 21.07.2018.</ref>
*Based on Blockchain: Ethereum main net and consortium ETH network<ref name="Whitepaper"/><ref name="contact">Information received on request (23.07.2018).</ref>
*Customer Segment: B2C and B2B<ref name="Whitepaper"/>
*Open-Source: No<ref name="Whitepaper"/>

==Short Description==
Power Ledger (PL) is based in Australia and provides a peer-to-peer trading solution for the power market. The concept of PL is based on the interplay of two tokens on two different levels of blockchains. POWR is an ERC20 Token on Ethereum and serves as an access permission token. To actually trade energy, the POWR token is escrowed in a smart contract and thereby changed in to Sparkz which are stable coins and pegged to the smallest unit of the local fiat currency. Sparkz are used on a Ethereum privat network<ref>https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/Private-network, accessed on 02.08.2018.</ref> (consortium), which is the backbone of the PL ecosystem. It manages the meter reading, uses information from oracles and enables the trading of Sparkz. PL is developing many applications including peer-to-peer electricity trading, EV-charging, carbon markets and microgrid management & trading. Additionally, so called Asset Germination Events are held where money for autonomous renewable energy assets is gathered through crowdfunding. These autonomous assets are able to trade their own electricity and distribute the income to assigned wallet addresses. To facilitate the transition from the traditional structure of the power sector, PL offers existing power utilities to create their own trading applications on the consortium blockchain. In this way power utilities can slowly adapt to the new technology and gather experience. Since its ICO in November 2017, PL was able to expand its sphere of action to Thailand, India and the US by partnering with some major companies.<ref name="Whitepaper"/><ref>Information received on request (23.07.2018).</ref>

==Collaborations==
[http://www.vectorenergy.com.au/ Vector], [https://westernpower.com.au/ Westernpower], [https://www.indracompany.com/en/pais/australia Indra], [http://www.sunseap.com/ Sunseap], [https://www.ecovillage.net.au/ Whichcliffe], [https://www.nlv.com.au/ National Lifestyle Villages], [https://www.accesshousing.org.au/ Access Housing], [http://nestenergy.com.au/index.html nestenergy], [https://www.landisgyr.com/ Landis+Gyr], [https://www.landcorp.com.au/Residential/White-Gum-Valley/ Landcorp],  [http://www.curtin.edu.au/ Curtin University], [http://www.yolkpropertygroup.com.au/ Yolk Property Group], [http://nightingalehousing.org/ Nightingale], [http://www.eurisd.org/ LISD]<ref name="Website"/>, [http://helpanswers.org/ Helpanswers], [http://www.bcpggroup.com/en BCPG]<ref>https://web.powerledger.io/mediarelease/</ref>, [http://www.kepco.co.jp/english/ Kansai Electric Power Co.]<ref>https://medium.com/power-ledger/community-update-april-2018-d37a2270b861, accessed on 24.07.2018.</ref> [https://solara.io/ Clean Energy Blockchain Network], [http://www.siliconvalleypower.com/ Silicon Valley Power]<ref>https://medium.com/power-ledger/power-ledger-silicon-valley-power-ev-carbon-credits-37629bdca5ab, accessed on 24.07.2018.</ref>, [https://www.techmahindra.com/DAVID.html Tech Mahindra]<ref>https://medium.com/power-ledger/tech-mahindra-and-power-ledger-unite-to-unleash-the-power-of-maas-c6e8ada705b8, accessed on 24.07.2018.</ref>

==Location==

Address: Level 6, 218 St Georges Terrace Perth, Western Australia 6000<ref name="Website"/>

Coordinates: 115.852500, -31.952985

Link: [https://www.google.com/maps/place/Power+Ledger/@-31.9530099,115.8519621,19z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x2a32bad4b5dcf0f5:0x3b62ca6bb70b336a!8m2!3d-31.953011!4d115.8525093 Google Maps]


==Team==
*Dr. Jemma Green, Co-founder and Chair
*David Martin, Co-founder and Managing Director
*John Bulich, Co-founer and Technical Director
*Marc van Hoof, Chief Operating Officer
*Marc Griffiths, Chief Technology Officer


==Key Indicators==

*Clients: N/A
*Business Volume: N/A
*Valuation: N/A
*Revenue: N/A
*Tradeability: ERC20 Token<ref>https://etherscan.io/token/0x595832f8fc6bf59c85c527fec3740a1b7a361269, accessed on 03.08.2018.</ref>
*Identification Code: POWR<ref>https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/power-ledger/, accessed on 02.08.2018.</ref>
*Token Type: Utility/Payment token<ref name="Whitepaper"/>
*Link: [https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/power-ledger/ Coinmarketcap]


==Funding==
Power Ledger succesfully raised A$17million (~13.21 million USD as per 6th of October 2017) during the Pre-ICO at the beginning of September 2017. 
In the following main sale, the company raised another A$ 17million 
(A$6million in Bitcoin, A$ 10.7million in Ether and A$ 0.4million in Litecoin).<ref name="Medium1"/> 
The price per POWR token was 0.0838 USD during the Pre-Sale.<ref name="ICOdrop">https://icodrops.com/powerledger/, accessed on 21.07.2018.</ref> 
There were a total of 1'000'000'000 POWR token issued, whereof 350'000 were sold publicly during the ICO. 250'000 POWR were created to be used in the bounty campain and in a "growth pool" for future platform hosts. Power Ledger keeps 250'000 POWR in escrow for two years. Thereafter they can be used for additional funding rounds.<ref>https://tge.powerledger.io/media/Power-Ledger-TGE-Token-Paper.pdf, accessed on 21.07.2018.</ref>

In November 2017 the australian government granted A$8million to a project in the City of Fremantle. Power Ledger is providing 
the blockchain technology for this project. It is however unclear which share of the A$8million was granted to Power Ledger.
<ref>https://medium.com/power-ledger/australian-government-awards-grant-to-8-million-project-in-the-city-of-fremantle-using-the-power-2dbadfad50ae, accessed on 21.07.2018.</ref>

==Revenue Model==
Software as a Service (SaaS) and License Fee/Comission and Trading

==Additional Information==

==References==
<references/>

==Additional Links==
[https://www.facebook.com/powerledger Facebook], [https://twitter.com/powerledger_io?lang=de Twitter], [https://t.me/joinchat/Gop-90DIMiPF7N_EtvFzjA Telegram], [https://medium.com/power-ledger Medium], [https://www.reddit.com/r/PowerLedger/ Reddit]
