=Steem=

* Company Name: Steemit Inc.<ref name=„website“>https://www.steem.io/, accessed on 10.07.2018.</ref>
* Website: https://www.steem.io/
* Founded: 2016<ref name=„history“>https://steemit.com/history/@ibnuhajar/history-of-steemit-and-its-founder, accessed on 10.07.2018.</ref>
* Stage: live<ref name=„website“/>
* Team Size: N/A
* Sector: Communication Services (50)
* Funding: N/A
* Based on Blockchain: Steem (own)<ref name=„bluepaper“>https://www.steem.io/steem-bluepaper.pdf, accessed on 11.07.2018.</ref>
* Customer Segment: B2C<ref name=„website“/>
* Open-Source: Yes<ref name=„faq“>https://steemit.com/faq.html, accessed on 10.07.2018.</ref>


==Short Description==

Steemit Inc. developed the Steem blockchain, a ledger that serves both as a digital token processing system and as a mainstream social media platform. Their main target is to reward those who create content on social media platforms (publishers, curators and more) according to the value added. Content can directly be included as plain texts into blocks of the Steem blockchain and is therefore immutable. Furthermore, due to the decentralized and open character of the blockchain, contents are publicly accessible. Because social media networks usually require a high transaction processing capacity, consensus is reached by an algorithm called Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS) allowing the blockchain to be scalable and fast.<ref name=„bluepaper“/> To facilitate mainstream adoption, there are no transactions fees on the Steem blockchain.<ref name=„whitepaper“>https://steem.io/SteemWhitePaper.pdf, accessed on 11.07.2018.</ref> Steemit Inc. designed their own social media platform on top of the Steem blockchain where publishers are rewarded by newly created STEEM tokens. Users determine the distribution of tokens by upvoting posts they like. STEEM tokens can be converted into Steem Power thereby losing their transferability and divisibility but granting the owner exclusive power within the system. In addition, STEEM tokens can be directly exchanged into Steem Dollars (pegged to the US-Dollar) on the Steem blockchain thus bringing stability to the platform.<ref name=„whitepaper“/> Steemit Inc. is working on making this system accessible to any social media platform by allowing external entities to create their own Smart Media Token (SMT) on the Steem blockchain and to let them include it into their platform.<ref name=„smt“>https://smt.steem.io/smt-whitepaper.pdf, accessed on 11.07.2018.</ref>

==Collaborations==

N/A

==Location==

Office in Blacksburg, Virginia (no detailed information available)<ref name=„roadmap“>https://steem.io/2017roadmap.pdf, accessed on 10.07.2018.</ref>

Address: 

N/A

Coordinates: 

Latitude: N/A

Longitude: N/A



Link: N/A


==Team==

Ned Scott, CEO

Harry Schmidt, CTO

<ref name=„team“>https://steemit.com/steemit/@steemitblog/join-team-steemit-at-tokenfest, accessed on 11.07.2018.</ref>

==Key Indicators==

* Clients: 920’800<ref name=„website“/>
* Business Volume: N/A
* Valuation: N/A
* Revenue: N/A
* Tradability: STEEM token and Steem Dollars<ref name=„whitepaper“/>
* Identification code: STEEM<ref name=„coinmarketcap“>https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/steem/, accessed on 10.07.2018.</ref> and SBD<ref name=„whitepaper“/>
* Token Type: Utility/Payment token (both)<ref name=„whitepaper“/>
* Link: [https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/steem/ CoinMarketCap (Steem)] and [https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/steem-dollars/ CoinMarketCap (Steem Dollars)]


==Funding==

N/A


==Revenue Model==

N/A


==Additional Information==




==References==

<references/>



==Additional Links==

[https://steemit.com/@steemitblog Steemit]

[https://www.reddit.com/r/steemit/ Reddit]

[https://twitter.com/steemit Twitter]

[https://www.facebook.com/steemit Facebook]

[https://github.com/steemit/steem GitHub]


