=VETRI=

* Company Name: Procivis AG<ref name=„website“>https://valid.global/, accessed on 05.05.2018.</ref>
* Website: https://vetri.global/
* Founded: 2016 <ref name=„website“/>
* Stage: Concept<ref name=„whitepaper“>https://valid.global/static/valid-wp-2.pdf, accessed on 05.05.2018.</ref>
* Team Size: 30<ref name=„whitepaper“/>
* Sector: Information Technology (45)
* Funding: $10.73M<ref name=„website“/>
* Based on Blockchain: Ethereum<ref name=”technical whitepaper”>https://github.com/valid-global/white-paper/blob/master/white-paper.md, accessed on 08.06.2018</ref>
* Customer Segment: B2C, B2B <ref name=„whitepaper“/>
* Open-Source: Yes


==Short Description==

VETRI is a project initiated by the Swiss company Procivis AG. The idea behind the project is to enable individuals to fully control their personal data in the internet by creating a digital identity owned by the user and stored on the users device. VETRI consists of two different components – the user interface where private information is managed (VETRI Wallet) and the web application where the anonymized information can be shared and exchanged for funds (VETRI marketplace). Private data (e.g. age) will be stored locally on the users device only. A signed hash of the data will be publicly available on the blockchain to enable people to verify the integrity of the users digital identity. By providing a signed hash of the users private data, a data buyer can verify the users claims about his/her identity by comparing the users signed hash to the corresponding hash stored on the Ethereum blockchain. In March 2018, VETRI successfully completed a token sale (ITO) and raised about $11 million. The VLD token (VLD) will later be used for transactions in the VETRI ecosystem such as data purchases and payment for several services.<ref name=„whitepaper“/><ref name=”technical whitepaper”/><ref name=”blog1”>https://blog.valid.global/announcement-valid-completes-token-sale-raises-equivalent-of-usd-10-73-million-2d360717f838, accessedETRI on 08.06.2018</ref>

==Collaborations==

[https://procivis.ch/ Procivis AG] (legal entity)

[https://www.froriep.com/en/ Froriep]<ref name=„whitepaper“/>

https://creativedock.com/

[https://www.lykke.com/company Lykke]<ref name=„whitepaper“/>

[https://www.queo.de/ch/startseite queo]<ref name=„whitepaper“/>



==Location==

Address:

Procivis AG

Bahnhofstrasse 3

8001 Zürich, Switzerland


Coordinates: 

Latitude: 47.371731

Longitude: 8.538628



Link: 

[https://www.google.ch/maps/place/Bahnhofstrasse+3,+8001+Z%C3%BCrich/@47.3679642,8.535143,15.93z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x47900a0011b538b3:0x82d3b80ac79d1e1a!8m2!3d47.3675143!4d8.5398846?hl=de Google Maps]


==Core Team==

Daniel Gasteiger, Co-Founder & CEO 

Krzysztof Adam Gorski, Legal Analyst 

Patrick Graber, Head of Business Development 

Dominique Kunz, Community Manager 

Yves-Alain Petitjean, Co-Founder & CFO 

Sven Stucki, Software Engineer 

Giorgio Zinetti, CTO

Adithya Pradeep Kumar, Business Development

<ref name=„whitepaper“/>


==Key Indicators==

* Clients: data consumers and buyers
* Business Volume: N/A
* Valuation: N/A
* Revenue: N/A
* Tradability: VLD token<ref name=„whitepaper“/>
* Identification code: VLD<ref name=„whitepaper“/>
* Token Type: Utility/Payment Token<ref name=„whitepaper“/>
* Link: https://icodrops.com/valid/


==Funding==

2018: ITO with a total fundraising of $10.73M.<ref name=„website“/>


==Revenue Model==

VETRI is going to be established as a non-profit foundation. At a later stage, valued-added services focused on data privacy are targeted sources of revenue.


==Additional Information==

Development road map is available here: https://vetri.global/static/roadmap.pdf


==References==

<references/>



==Additional Links==

https://www.facebook.com/vetri.global/

https://twitter.com/vetri_global

https://www.linkedin.com/company/vetri-global/

https://www.reddit.com/r/vetri_global/

https://github.com/vetri-global
