= Grid+ =

*Company name: GridPlus Inc. and GridPlus Texas Inc.<ref name="State">https://icis.corp.delaware.gov/Ecorp/EntitySearch/NameSearch.aspx, accessed on 22.07.2018.</ref>
*Website: https://gridplus.io
*Founded: 2017 <ref name="State"/>
*Stage: Test<ref>https://blog.gridplus.io/grid-progress-report-6-14-2018-a5aa64a71251, accessed on 25.07.2018.</ref>
*Team Size: 11<ref name="Website">https://gridplus.io, accessed on 22.07.2018.</ref>
*Sector: Utilities (55)
*Funding: 44'337'235 USD<ref name="calculation"> Own calculation based on information found in "Funding".</ref>
*Based on Blockchain: Ethereum (main net) <ref>https://etherscan.io/token/0x12b19d3e2ccc14da04fae33e63652ce469b3f2fd, accessed on 22.07.2018.</ref>
*Customer Segment: B2C<ref name="Whitepaper">https://gridplus.io/assets/Gridwhitepaper.pdf, accessed on 22.07.2018.</ref>
*Open-Source: Yes<ref name="Whitepaper"/>


==Short Description==
Grid+ aims to act as an electricity retailer in deregulated markets, creating a dynamic market place 
in which consumer and prosumer can trade electricity with Grid+, using the stable coin BOLT for their 
payment. Through the combination of blockchain and IoT-devices Grid+ wants to benefit from cost 
advantages over conventional energy retailers by automating the billing process and providing a 
dynamic market place within its system. The company is developing a so-called Smart Agent, which 
is equipped with its own private key and therefore can sign on-chain transactions independently. 
Furthermore, Grid+ eliminates the counterparty risk by billing the energy consumed in near-real-time 
and with a required deposit which also prevents interruptions in service if connectivity is lost. 
To fully exploit the potential of its Smart Agent the company is planning to establish forecast based 
day-ahead markets, create markets for demand response and by enabling the Smart Agent to control the 
energy consumption of connected IoT-devices (e.g. an air conditioner).
In November 2017 Grid+ held an ICO for its GRID Token, which will be redeemable for 500 kWh at 
wholesale electricity price on the Grid+ platform. After facing many regulatory obstructions since 
its ICO Grid+ received their certificate as retail electric provider (REP) in the state of Texas in 
June 2018<ref>http://interchange.puc.texas.gov/Documents/47947_25_984415.PDF, accessed on 25.07.2018.
</ref> and therefore is preparing its alpha launch in the second half of 2018
<ref>https://blog.gridplus.io/alphaprogram-9facd68c76a0</ref>.<ref name="Whitepaper"/>


==Collaborations==
Founded by [https://consensys.net/ ConsenSys]<ref name="Whitepaper"/>(owns equity in Grid+)<ref>Information received on request (27.07.2018.).</ref>

==Location==
Address GridPlus Inc. and GridPlus Texas Inc.: 
100 Congress Avenue, Suite 2025, Austin, TX 78701<ref>https://www.puc.texas.gov/industry/electric/directories/rep/report_rep.aspx?ID=RESQL01DB1245829200001, accessed on 23.07.2018.</ref>

Coordinates:
*Longitude: -97.744853
*Latitude: 30.264222

Link: [https://www.google.ch/maps/place/One+Congress+Plaza,+100+Congress+Ave+%232025,+Austin,+TX+78701,+USA/@30.2639807,-97.7470419,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x8644b50629412b81:0xb4e5ccd4100bc105!8m2!3d30.2639807!4d-97.7448532 Google Maps]

==Team==
*Alex Miller, Co-founder and Chief Technology Officer
*Karl Kreder, Co-founder and Chief Security Officer
*Mark DAgostino, Co-founder and Chief Executive Officer
*John Werner, CEO of GridPlus Texas

<ref name="Website"/>

==Key Indicators==
*Clients: N/A
*Business Volume: N/A
*Valuation: N/A
*Revenue: N/A
*Tradeability: ERC20 Token<ref name="Etherscan">https://etherscan.io/token/0x12b19d3e2ccc14da04fae33e63652ce469b3f2fd, accessed on 26.07.2018.</ref>
*Identification code: GRID<ref name="Etherscan/>
*Token Type: Utility Token
*Link: [https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/grid/ Coinmarketcap]

==Funding==
Grid+ conducted an ICO from 30.10.2017 to 12.11.2017 offered 90'000'000  of a total supply of 300'000'000 Grid tokens for sale. Of the residual tokens 120'000'000 were distributed to the founders and external owners of Grid+. 90'000'000 GRID token are held by Grid+ itself and will be used to incentivice participation in the network.<ref name="Whitepaper">
During the pre and mainsale a total of 39'236'491 tokens were sold at a price of 0.0037 ETH per GRID (~1.13 USD on 12.11.2017<ref>https://www.finanzen.net/waehrungsrechner/ethereum_us-dollar, accessed on 22.07.2018.</ref> ).<ref>https://gridplus.io/token-sale#d, accessed on 22.07.2018.</ref> This is resulting in a total revenue of 44'337'235 USD by that time<ref name="calculation"/>.

==Revenue Model==
Comission/Trading and sales (of their Smart Agent)<ref name="Whitepaper"/>

==Additional Information==

==References==
<references/>

==Additional Links==
[https://twitter.com/gridplus_energy?lang=en Twitter], [https://github.com/gridplus Github], [https://blog.gridplus.io/ Medium], [https://t.me/joinchat/GEb54Asz9AYq2cLZk6syHA Telegram]
