=Sia=

* Company Name: Nebulous Inc.<ref name=„sia“>https://sia.tech/about, accessed on 06.04.2018.</ref>
* Website: https://sia.tech/
* Founded: 2014<ref name=„sia“/>
* Stage: Live<ref name=„siaroad“>https://sia.tech/roadmap, accessed on 06.04.2018.</ref>
* Team Size: 7<ref name=„siafaq“>https://siawiki.tech/faq, accessed on 07.04.2018.</ref>
* Sector: Information Technology (45)
* Funding: $1.65M<ref name=„siacompany“>https://siawiki.tech/development/nebulous_inc, accessed on 06.04.2018.</ref>
* Based on Blockchain: Sia (own)<ref name=„sia“/>
* Customer Segment: B2B and B2C<ref>http://i.imgur.com/pjzvL0u.jpg, accessed on 06.04.2018.</ref>
* Open-Source: Yes<ref>https://support.sia.tech/article/w8D64fYiDi-is-sia-open-source-where-can-i-see-your-repo, accessed on 06.04.2018.</ref>



==Short Description==

Sia is a project of Nebulous, Inc. that aims to offer a blockchain-based solution for cloud storage services. The idea is to make privately owned underutilized hard drive capacity publicly available. Data owners are being matched with storage providers (hosts) via a public and open-source blockchain. This blockchain-based platform serves as a decentralized marketplace that runs without an intermediary. To ensure privacy and data integrity, files are being shredded, encrypted and distributed over various hosts. Furthermore, Sia makes use of a redundancy scheme called “Reed-Solomon erasure coding“ that guarantees the ability to recover files even when up to two thirds of all hosts go offline. For each agreement between hosts and users a special kind of smart contract (file contract) is created on the underlying Sia blockchain. File contracts determine components of the agreement such as contract duration, uptime commitments and prices for several services. The Sia network enforces these contracts automatically with no need for an intermediary. Transactions in the network are made using the Siacoin cryptocurrency on the Sia blockchain. There is a second cryptocurrency called Siafunds built on the blockchain. A fee of 3.9% of each Siacoin payment goes to the holders of Siafunds.<ref name=„sia“/> <ref name=„siatech”>https://sia.tech/technology, accessed on 07.04.2018.</ref> <ref name=„siafunds”>https://siawiki.tech/wallet/siafund, accessed on 07.04.2018.</ref>

==Collaborations==


Nebulous, Inc. (legal entity)

[http://www.minebox.io/ Minebox IT Services GmbH]<ref name=„collaborations“>https://www.pr.com/press-release/701696, accessed on 05.07.2018.</ref>


==Location==

Address: 

Nebulous, Inc. 

67 Batterymarch St., Floor 4

Boston, MA 02110 USA


Coordinates: 

Latitude: 42.353425

Longitude: -71.053118

Link: [https://www.google.ch/maps/place/280+Congress+St+Floor+12,+Boston,+MA+02210,+USA/@42.3534258,-71.0536649,19z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x89e37081ad9d8a31:0x95146b82325a20e7!8m2!3d42.3534248!4d-71.0531177 Google Maps]


==Team==

David Vorick: Cofounder, CEO, Core Developer

Luke Champine: Cofounder, President, Core Developer

Christopher Schinnerl: Core Developer

Zach Herbert: VP of Operations

Steve Funk: Head of Support

Matt Sevey, Core Developer

Eddie Wang, Front-end Developer

Jacob Johnston, Operations

<ref name=„siafaq“/>



==Key Indicators==

* Clients: Nearly 1’000’000 software downloads. About 900 storage providers. (Information on request, received on 18.04.2018.)
* Business Volume: N/A
* Valuation: N/A
* Revenue: N/A
* Tradability: Siacoin and Siafund<ref name=„scsf“>https://siasetup.info/learn/siacoins_and_siafunds, accessed on 05.07.2018.</ref> 
* Identification code: SC and SF<ref name=„scsf“/>
* Token Type: Utility/payment token (Siacoin) and Security-like token (Siafund)<ref name=„scsf“/>
* Link: [https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/siacoin/ Siacoin], [https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/sianote/ Siafund]



==Funding==

2014: IPO (SiaNotes). Issuance of 1250 SiaNotes at a price of $192. Total fundraising of about $240’000. Moreover, they raised additional $375’000 in private equity financing.

2015: SiaNotes were redeemed at a 1:1 ratio by Siafunds. A total amount of 10’000 Siafunds were premined. 8’835 of these tokens are held by Sia’s parent company Nebulous, Inc. The remaining tokens were distributed to investors.<ref name=„siafunds”/>

2016: Nebulous, Inc. raised another $750’000 in private equity financing. 

2017: Nebulous, Inc. received a $400’000 grant from INBlockchain.

2018: Nebulous, Inc. sold 231 Siafunds at a price of $7,500 per Siafund. Total revenue of $1'732'500 was raised.

Investors include Procyon Ventures, Raptor Group, Fenbushi Capital and Xiaolai Li. <ref>https://siawiki.tech/development/nebulous_inc, accessed on 07.04.2018.</ref> <ref name=„memorandum“>https://siafunds.tech/Nebulous-Private-Placement-Memorandum-US.pdf, accessed on 07.04.2018.</ref>

==Revenue Model==

Comission and Trading<ref name=„siafunds”/>

==Additional Information==

==References==
<references/>

==Additional Links==

https://twitter.com/siatechhq

https://github.com/nebulouslabs
